♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse rein I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 17]
Based on your description,
she's probably afflicted with a mind-altering poison,
also known as Peach Blossom Stupor.
It is a dangerous poison.
Once the toxin enters the bones and marrow,
the victim will lose their mind.
At midnight,
the victim will lose control and kill innocents.
My medicine
can only suppress the poison in her briefly.
If
there is no
peach blossom mark on her forehead,
she can yet be saved if you send her my way.
But if there is a peach blossom mark
between the eyebrows?
If there is a peach blossom mark between the eyebrows,
then I'm afraid it is too late.
Hurry and go back now.
- Thank you, Sir. - Thank you, Sir.
Your favor will not be forgotten.
Xiaohua!
Hua Xiaohua.
We found the antidote for you.
Hua Xiaohua?
What is it?
Nothing.
Come.
Drink the medicine.
What medicine?
Is it
the antidote?
Where did you get it?
Don't worry about it.
Just know
that you'll be cured after you take the medicine.
Besides,
the old man said
as long as
there is no...
Hua Xiaohua.
Yes?
Nothing.
Just drink the medicine.
You'll be cured.
All right.
Thank you.
I thought I was done for.
What do we do now?
Say something, Weigui.
Help!
She wants to kill me!
Xiaohua.
What are you doing?
The poison is probably in effect.
She can't recognize anyone.
Xiaohua.
Xiaohua!
Someone's here.
Take her away first.
Let's go.
Is Hua Xiaohua asleep?
Who is behind all this?
Why must it be Hua Xiaohua?
Who the mastermind is doesn't matter.
Our priority now
is to find her master
and get the antidote.
But searching blindly
is futile.
We still have to search, nonetheless.
Mr. Tang
said that if there wasn't a peach blossom mark on her forehead,
she could yet be saved.
The mark on Xiaohua's forehead
isn't complete yet.
Are you saying...
Return to Wangyou Manor.
There is still hope for Xiaohua.
All right.
We can ask around for news of her master on the way too.
We'll depart
tomorrow morning.
Where are we going?
Don't worry about me.
If we can't find my master,
I'll accept this as my fate.
We will find your master.
Once we find your master,
you'll be cured.
Take this.
[Xiaohua's Secrets]
Why are you giving it to me?
If you
somehow can't make a living,
you can sell this
for some money.
If I live,
I will write more.
I will turn our journey
into a novel.
The martial arts world
will know our stories.
Then, write more.
Only you know how to write.
♪The birds soar as we swear to reclaim lost land♪
Once you're cured,
you'll write all our stories
into this book.
♪Flowers will be our poems, rain will be our wine♪
♪We talk about the splendid world in drunken stupor♪
♪Wielding the blade, I stop lamenting♪
Yes, I'll write it down.
I'll write everything down.
♪As horses run past the smoke of war♪
♪The day breaks and the karmic cycle sails away♪
Truth be told,
having met you two in my life,
I have no more regrets.
♪Floating and sinking with the martial arts world♪
♪Listening to the songs and dances♪
♪I write the glory days with my inkbrush♪
But
I truly wish
I could continue the journey with you.
♪I fear no life or death, as we journey through time together♪
You will.
We will finish the journey together.
♪With loyalty, we never renege on our promise to stay together♪
♪I play a song only you know♪
♪As we hum with the wind to the universe♪
♪Floating and sinking with the martial arts world♪
♪Listening to the songs and dances♪
♪I write the glory days with my inkbrush♪
♪I roar at the sky, splitting the heavens in half♪
♪The thunder and storm rage as I sink or float♪
♪I fear no life or death, as we journey through time together♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪